Okay, I have a question. What is the
actual smallest theme park that you
could make that is still profitable? I
have to have customers come into the
park and purchase tickets and that needs
to exceed the cost of running the park.
So, I don't know. Is it like one toilet?
Is it like one ride? I want to figure
out. So, we have to learn what is the
bare minimum to get people to come into
our park and spend money. We're not just
talking about size. It's like the fewest
things in the park. So, we're going to
start out. We're going to make a path.
Okay. You want to come in now?
You [__] [__] All right, look.
So, I think we just kind of build the
basics, right? We get a ride. We get a
food place. This is already too big.
What I was thinking is I do this. This
is like California Adventure and
Disneyland. They think there's two
different parks and they're going to be
excited about it. It's not ovaries. It's
not ovaries. All right. Look, let's
cover the basics of what we need. I
think we need a ride, right? Do we feel
like this is a small ride or a big one
cuz it's so tall? It takes up very
little like horizontal space. Okay, this
is the cheapest one. The Do the cheap
ones are still There we go. That's
pretty small. I think that's the
smallest we got. Okay, this is also
tiny. Rocktopus or I will riot.
Rocktopus is gigantic. We're not doing
Rocktopus. There's a huge [__] ride,
man. Okay, we've got a ride open. So,
here's my question. Is this all we need?
What if this is the whole thing? Ladies
and gentlemen, the park is open. COME ON
IN. WOO! LOOK AT THIS DUDE. There's so
many people. Oh my god. My park is
amazing. Oh, it's free to get into the
park. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
$3. Okay, they're leaving now cuz it
costs money. No, no, no. They're paying.
All right, so we got to look at our
money. Cash flow negative $11,400. Wait,
wait, no, no, no. Hold on, hold on.
Profit. So, we're making money off this.
Okay, so this is one of those things
like how boring could this idea turn out
to be? The most boring outcome is that
do you need a ride for people to show up
in your park? Cuz like I feel like we're
just profitable, right? Yeah. Just
literally I'm making money. So, the
question is, if we just have food, will
they still show up? How do I get rid of
this?
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, come get
your broughtw worst. All right, what are
you thinking? [laughter] Okay, they're
not they're not a fan. Hold on. Let me
make the park free. The park is now free
and the broughtwurst are going to be
it's like one $1. [laughter] Wait,
they're coming.
No, hold on. Buy a [__] broughtwurst,
dude. What is wrong with you? Okay, buy
a hot dog. Okay, so the park can just be
a hot dog. Okay, we need a smaller
store, though. This is too big. All
right, come on in, ladies and gentlemen,
to the new Doug Duck theme park. It's
free to come in. Why? Hold on. Why were
they coming in for broughtwur? Shorten
the path. Can [laughter] we make Can we
make it smaller?
It's like, right. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. [laughter]
Okay. OH MY GOD. THEY'RE COMING. YES.
[screaming]
OKAY. OKAY. Do we get a sale? Do we get
a sale? No. [__] Wait. You know who
else IS HAVING A SALE? STAR FORD
SYSTEMS. They're selling hot juicy beef.
I mean, uh, computers. They're selling
computers and keyboards. Look at this
old school Runescape keyboard. Golly.
Click the link below. There's beef.
Oh [__] I have to pay people. I forgot
I have to pay my staff. We're down $7
right now. Wait, hold on. We need a
staff building or they'll stop working.
Why doesn't he pick himself up by
bootstrap? I don't understand. I've done
all the hard work of making the park.
Let's Let's get back to the drawing
board. I think we got to move it back
here. And we're also going to have paths
going like this. The thing is, no one is
coming to eat my beef. Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on, hold on. We've got a customer.
Welcome, sir. He walks forward. The view
emerges. It's the most beautiful
backdrop to a burger store he's ever
seen. He walks in for free. He walks up
to the burger stand. Let's go.
I hope he bought the $2 thing. Oh my
god. We have a line. We Okay, we've got
customers. The problem is I need a staff
room because the guy's going to stop
working. It has to be sustainably
profitable. We're We've lost $365
this month. You can make it back. The
problem is it costs money to pay for
[music] this guy. And not only does it
cost money to pay for him, we have to
make a goddamn staff building. This is
ridiculous. Use a vending machine. Wait,
that's a good idea. You're gone. We get
rid of the humans. It's not losing its
job to AI. It's replacing it with a
vending machine. It's losing its job to
vending machines. Wait, what if it's
just an ATM? [laughter]
Can we charge money? Wait, hold on.
Where are vending machines? Dune
Delights. No, that is a person. Claw
machine. Okay, we're getting rid of the
ATM. OH MY GOD, THEY'RE HERE. Hold on.
Welcome in. Are they paying it? Let's
go. Wait, so is this enough? I might
have stayed longer, but there's nothing
to do. There aren't enough [music]
reasons to stick around. I guess I
wasn't good enough for claw crane
machine one. You scared them. No, they
loved the park. First off, there's too
much path. They got confused by that.
This isn't a theme park. It's a
restaurant. No, it's a Think of it like
a Dave and Busters without the Dave or
the Busters. It's the think this is and
it's a claw machine in an ATM. It's
going to be fine. There are still people
showing up by the way, first off.
Secondly, um,
>> holy [__] this [music] park has so many
ride. I'm having such a good time on all
of this one ride. Thank you.
>> Water park 10 [music] out of 10. You
know what would be a funny fiveminute
coding adventure is that there's like a
Yelp review that pops up. Wait, [__]
That would BE REALLY FUNNY. OH MAN.
Let's see. I would make it so you can
say one to five stars and it would pick
one randomly and then it pops up on
stream. Is this worth 5 minutes coding
adventure?
Can all of you please now give a review?
So expertise seem not enough.
>> Okay. Looks like it's going to have a
hard time reading the one out of five.
>> Two five. Okay, I guess it's not that
bad.
>> All right, cool. Cool. Cool. So, it's
picking a random one. So, we're going to
do an [music] F string. That is this.
Why did that happen? I don't know what I
pressed to make that happen. All right,
last thing. Last [music] thing. We have
to decide the the voices. Uh, what do we
search for? Like Karen? [laughter] I
don't think that's going to be like the
name of a voice. Squealle. Ah,
[screaming]
behold the wild curtain in her natural
habitat approaching the manager with
devastating speed.
>> Uh, this is Karen A.
>> Creativity requires the courage to let
go of certainties.
>> Angry female. I don't know what to
search for.
>> I begged you to fight for us just once.
>> This one's pretty good cuz this is like
nice and emotional. We want Squegle. I
don't want
>> Listen up pipsqueak. My for
>> MLM folks say it's not a pyramid scheme.
Ah, [screaming]
behold.
>> Squealle is 10 times [music] louder than
Oh, angry customer. Angry customer. Here
we go. Believe in yourself and anything
becomes possible [music] to achieve.
>> That's not angry at all. WHAT ARE WE
TALKING ABOUT? [screaming]
>> DO we want the voices to [music] be
random? Like you get one of five random
voices. Or if you do a certain score for
the park, you get a certain voice. I
think random probably makes more sense.
All squeal. We're not doing all squeal.
This is going to be so funny for 30
seconds. [laughter]
Two out of five. My kid was really
excited to play the claw machine, but it
only had these weird pepper-shaped mugs
inside. Disappointed.
>> It was good. It was [__] good. These
are good mugs.
>> Five out of five. This park is great.
Yeah, you can go to such places as claw
machine and
[laughter]
>> get a stolen ATM machine.
>> I don't like Squegle.
>> One out of five. The park needs more
room for my fat American ass.
>> Five out of five. The ATM took my child
as payment. [laughter]
>> Thank you for your reviews.
>> Okay. All right. All right. It's done.
Yeah. And now it sleeps for 5 minutes.
This is great. This is perfect. So,
every 5 minutes we'll have reviews. The
game has been running. By the way, are
we making any money? No. No customers
came in and we just spent $30 running
the crane game. Excellent. I am going to
put a beef store. $5. I feel like this
is a good deal. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Let's see what they Let's see what they
actually go for. Okay. It's mostly for
the claw machine. [music] This is our
big money maker. Lifetime profit $400. I
think we need to increase the price.
Dude, the chance to win is 50. Are you
guys going to go to the Okay, they
teleported out of the park. Are you guys
going to go to the ATM ride? Okay,
they're going to get beef. I feel like
an ATM and like a claw machine in a beef
park might actually make money. We are
going to make it a little more
condensed. Chief beef right here.
However, crane game. Also, what I'm
wondering, do we duplicate? Oh my god.
Hold on. Hold on. There we go. There we
go. This is looking good. We got a big
crowd coming. Are they going to go to
the beef? Okay, they teleported out. Why
are they They're doing one thing and
then leaving. They're not entertained.
Put a bathroom. Do we need a toilet? Is
it worth investing in a toilet? I have
been trying to save money. That's
gigantic. Do we need a toilet this big?
I feel like you can put a bush or
something. We're negative $850
this month. Okay, I put I set the price
to $20 for the toilet. Nobody has
actually purchased a hot dog. Only
toilets. You know what? You're right.
I'll try all toilets. We're getting rid
of the cheap beef. The problem is I
[music] don't think toilet park will
actually Oh my god, they're coming. Use
the toilet. Use the toilet. Use the
toilet. They're waiting in line for this
claw machine.
Wait, they won. Please go buy something.
No. Oh, cool. I won. Great. Free entry.
Park entry. So, they're excited about
the free park entry. Go to the toilet.
Go to the toilet. Go to the toilet. Go
to the toilet. Nobody needs to use the
bathroom here. My worry is like if the
park is super small, nobody's ever going
to use the toilet. Okay. All right. I
think the problem may be that the claw
[music] games are too close. I'm getting
rid of the ATM.
>> 05. I can't pay the toilet [music] entry
fee after the ATM was removed. D.
>> Okay. Toilet park is not enough. Nobody
comes in. But I don't understand. But
there was one claw machine people did
come in. [music] Two out of five. The
bathroom made me play a claw machine in
order to get toilet paper. [laughter]
>> One out of five. I love this park so
much.
>> All right, if this is the park. Oh my
god. Oh my god. Oh my customers. Hold
on. Hold on. We're increasing the price.
Increasing to $5. They're happy they I
think they won. Buy the beef. What is
wrong with you? We're turning down the
price on the burgers. [music]
>> Hi Doug. As a legitimate business
adviser, the answer is simple. Make the
drinks [music] cheap and the toilets
expensive. Supply and demand. Baby, you
got to [music] control the means of
urine production.
>> Dude, you're right. We fire Chief Beef
and we add in drinks. All right, buy a
soda, please. We might literally need a
ride.
>> I want a refund for park entry.
>> Park entry is free. We don't charge you.
There's got to be other stuff we can do
besides put a ride. A ride is [__]
That's like people are spoiled. Put a
ride down that's barricaded so they
can't use it. I don't know if that does
anything. So, you're saying there's a
there's a ride here that they can just
look at. Okay, let's see if uh if that
works. Ladies and gentlemen, park is now
open. Oh. All right. Here we go. They're
coming to the crane game ride. The staff
are getting upset at me. What is Why
don't they [music] even want to take a
[__] Okay. I hate to do this. We've got
to open the ride. I am going to move the
toilet. Okay, we've got customers.
Welcome on in. And now maybe they'll use
the toilet. Okay, I think we start
charging money for the entrance. I'm
charging. Oh my god, there's so many
people. Uh $3 entry. Holy [__] dude.
Okay, we're rolling in it. Use the
[__] bathroom. None of them are even
getting in line. They're walking up to
the toilet and looking at it and then
leaving. Okay, I'm turning the price of
the toilet down. The park is going crazy
now. Okay, look at the crane games.
They're buying drinks. Use the toilet.
Why? They're literally going to the
toilet and checking it out. Hold on. We
got to make the thing bigger. We need
more. We need more exit. Hold on. We're
shutting it down. Shutting it down.
Okay, we need I need to make the thing
bigger. There needs to be more people
who can ride the ride. Oh my god, this
is so much. No, this this is getting
gigantic. This is like the biggest park.
We're going to have to get rid of the
toilet. No, toilet is here. It's right
after the ride. The park is too big. I
agree. I don't like this. Okay, we have
a ride. Here we go. Here we go. This is
what we're talking about. All right,
let's look at the money. Negative182
cash flow.
>> Needed to use the bathroom, but Q for
the ride blocked the entrance. [music]
Someone also did a [__] in the claw
machine and my child won it.
>> Wait, wait, hold on. The claw game. Last
month's profit negative $10. We're
actually close to profitability. I'm
going to $6 to play. Claw machine is
almost profitable. How much is this
doing? Last month's profit is $20. We
are making money on this.
>> One out of five. [music] Why is there a
ride in my restroom park?
>> Why is the toilet costing me $100 a
month? Dude, I don't understand. Wait,
wait. Did somebody go in the toilet?
>> Five out of five.
>> 50 cents for a toilet.
>> Stabbed while taking a dump.
>> That's too expensive.
>> That's the most adrenaline ran through
me.
>> Thank god, dude. Somebody pissed. Okay.
What's our What's our monthly money
looking like? Cash flow. What one? No,
wait. It was $1 for a second. $9. Ladies
and gentlemen, the park [music] is
profitable. We made $2. Okay, let's look
at our finances. We need to do some
hard, honest analysis. Is it worth it to
pay this person a living wage? What if I
only pay her $10 a day? $1. That's still
enough to go to the toilet twice a day.
Oh, they're on strike. Well, here's what
I'm thinking. I'm going to do a little
trick I learned. Um,
fire him. We close the shop, delete the
shop, and there's We're not selling any
more soda. Okay, this could be
profitable. If you want a drink, go buy
it somewhere else. Not everything has to
sell everything. Okay, I can choose to
be a claw machine and a whirly gig park.
Also, I think we can make it. We can
make a smaller ride. And we need an ATM.
No one was using the ATM. There's
nothing to even buy with the ATM.
[laughter]
There's no more soda, I guess. The claw
machine. Hold on. Hold on. Pause in the
park. This is profitable. And what I'm
wondering is do we instead get what's
the really tall one? This. Because it
looks smaller. And as long as I don't
look upwards, I don't have to look at
the fact that it's really really
gigantic. That's huge. [music] It's a
huge park vertically. It's too big.
Well, we need a ride. I think we can't
do this without a ride. Okay, you know
what? Let's We're going to do a quick
little review of rides and see which
ones we want. Look at this [__]
thing. How tall is this? Oh my god.
Okay, this is comparatively not that
tall. I think we go with this thing,
right?
>> One out of five. I just got fired. This
broke ass man can't [music] even pay me
minimum wage.
>> You think we have the money for that?
Have you seen my part?
>> Two out of five. I got lost and couldn't
find the toilet. This place really needs
a map.
>> Place needs a map. Ladies and gentlemen,
I would like to introduce to you our new
ride. Now, I think we need a lot of
space for people to wait in line cuz
this is our sole money maker. So, I'm
going to do something controversial. I'm
going to delete the toilet. I'm going to
delete this ride. We're going to leave
the claw machine. How dare you? We need
to get smaller. All right, this is our
park. You walk in, you go into the ride,
and as you leave the ride, you play the
claw machine. [music] Ride is now open.
Claw machine is now open. OH MY GOD,
THEY LOVE IT, DUDE. HOLY [__] OKAY.
OKAY, we are going to be in the [__]
green. Oh my god, they're going to the
claw machine, too. What do we got?
Charging entrance $1. the ride. I think
I can increase the price, right? They
seem to be happy with it. The queue
looks fast. I like the look. They seem
excited about it. We increased this to
$12. Okay. All right. What are you guys
thinking? They They're pretty happy.
They need to pee, so they're leaving the
park. Woo! New review. They're loving
the claw machine. Prices for Hyper Jump
are too high, but they're liking the
claw machine. Okay. Okay. We're just
getting people in a loop. We're probably
super profitable. $800 of profit. Holy,
dude. Okay. I increased the price of
this.
>> One out of five tried to ride the claw
machine, but the claw wasn't grippy
enough. And the plushy floor made it
hard to gain traction.
>> Five out of five. Stole money from the
claw machine.
>> Okay, you know what? Because of that,
I'm getting rid of the claw machine.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, this is our
current record. It's kind of big, but it
is absolutely possible to make a
profitable park with one ride and
nothing else. But I think there has got
to be a way to do this without rides.
The ride is is easy mode. We're going
back into study mode. Okay, we're going
to we're going to do something drastic
and we're getting rid of the ride.
Everybody's tired of it. We need to get
a sense of what things are as small as
possible. Damn, that guy's got sick
hair. Small as possible that still bring
people to the park. Okay, test number
one. If if this is our store, does
anybody come? Oh my god. Oh my god, they
love it. Not quite. Okay, okay, okay,
wait, wait, wait. I wish this park had a
drink shop. I dislike removed ride.
Remove rides. Why are there there's not
enough to do here. Um, okay. I don't
think Brought Worst is profitable.
>> Doug is shocked to find out amusement
parks make more money when they have
something [music] amusing to do.
>> I don't need a ride to feel satisfied. I
like going and eating [music] somewhere.
Tik Tok hasn't melted my brain to the
point that I can't go enjoy a
broughtwurst. What I mean is like if
somebody was like, "Hey, there's a
broughtwurst at the end of this
incredibly long tunnel." I would be
excited about that cuz that's so weird.
Go to a food court. Yeah, that's what it
is. I like going to food courts. It's
fun. No rides, but a [__] ton of
decorations.
>> Will that do it? Okay. All right. New
strategy. We get rid of the
broughtwurst.
Okay. This park [__] rips. I would
absolutely pay $20 to go here. Look at
that [__]
Are you serious? You wouldn't pay $20.
Okay. Wait. I'm going from $20 to$5. $5.
What is wrong with these people? This is
[__] awesome. We lost $800 this
month. Okay, there's an ATM. The
standard ticket is way overpriced.
Really? It costs $5 to see this. What
about 10 cents?
Okay, they don't give a [__] Scenery
does not do anything. We We've got to
give like functional stuff. I don't
think they care about scenery. They can
see it from the gate. I guess that's
rude. Wait, these people are getting a
free ride, huh? All right. All right. We
We got to We got to figure out other
things. Scenery. They don't care. What
if it's just vending machines and I
don't have to pay a human? Dude, this
could be it. We're just like a claw game
store like they have in Japan. Chief
beef, pip shot. Sure. I don't know what
that is. Uh, pizza. Everybody loves
vending machine pizza. Gumballs,
popcorn, and then and then and then and
then and then toilets.
Okay, never mind. Wait, I can't connect
it. I think this is our park. We're
sending it. Okay, park is free. Oh my
god, we got customers. Customers
customer. Okay, they're going for
brought work.
>> Two out [music] of five. got bubonic
plague from the hamburger vending
machine.
>> Really, there aren't enough reasons to
[music] stick around. That's enough fun
for one day. So, people will come and do
one round of crane game and then we
can't get more money out of them. And
that's the challenge. How do we extract
more money? We don't need that much more
money cuz claw games take so monthly
running cost of $30. The only thing they
want is claw machines. Hold on. Rain
game. We just need to make more than
$30. So, if I go way down and I increase
the price to $10. Wait, $101. And we
need three customers a month and we're
in the green cuz this costs $30 a month
to run. Let's do it. We just need three
customers. Come on. Come on, you sons of
[__] The most menacing claw machine.
Why does [laughter] it feel like we're
about to fight a boss? Are there like
skulls going to make this like
terrifying?
Oh, [laughter] WE GOT A CUSTOMER. HOLD
ON. NO, NO, NO, NO. GO IN, YOU SON OF A
[__] OKAY, hold on.
>> Going to be honest, Doug. If I knew
there was a regular esclaw machine that
cost $10 at the end of a subway tunnel,
I [music] don't think I would visit even
if it was free to go and stand in front
of it.
>> Come on,
>> be honest with yourself. You would never
visit this place.
>> Yes, I would.
>> It looks like you leave cursed.
>> Oh my god. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
Hold on. Come on. You son of a [__]
Come on. Is the problem that it's not
scary enough?
>> [laughter]
>> Oh. Oh my god. Please, please, please,
please, please. Come on. Come on. Use
the claw machine. Wait,
that's enough fun for one day. Do I need
to hire a guy? What if I hire a creepy
ghost dude?
Yeah, that should help. He's scary. Oh,
well, he's fun for the whole family.
Dude, you know perfectly well that
people would come here and take
Instagram photos and be like, "What the
[__] is this place?" Well, to be fair,
they would come to the park entrance and
take a photo and then leave. Wait. Oh my
god, that's a whole family. Hold on. If
they play the claw game and each pays
$7.51,
for the love of God, please.
They They hate him. I'm fire. He's
fired. You get out of here. Leave. Go
away. He's also taking the company
costume.
Here's what I don't get, dude. when it
was a claw machine and five other
vending machines. They would come into
the park, play the claw machine, and
then leave. So, that leads me to believe
that we need at least one other vending
machine. No, no, no, no. We need vending
machines. Vending vending, man. Vending.
Sure. Cosmo Cow ice cream. Why isn't it
connecting to the road? Okay, we're
getting a gelato vending machine. Oh,
come on. Okay, this we're moving the
shark I mean boat. Three out of five. I
got fired even though I was the best
gosh darn ghost mascot the world has
ever seen. Got to keep the costume
though, which by the way, I will be
pursuing legal action. See, hold on. Now
they go to the Wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. So, the path was too
short. [music] Wait, can I just move
this onto the front of it? Oh my god.
[laughter]
Just a [__] skull on it. These don't
cost me additional money per month. So,
if this makes people stoked, that's
fine.
>> [laughter]
>> Why aren't people playing my claw? I
Dude, I'm not kidding. And I think you
know I'm not. I would go to this park.
This is so [__] up and compelling,
guys. Yes. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
We're in the big money. We're making
money. Okay. Wait. Wait. No. I can't
click the vending machine now. All
right. All right. Our money finances.
Last month's income $7. So, we're
getting some money. Wait, can I move
this?
[laughter]
Is there somebody in there? There's not
enough to do here. I wish this park had
a food shop. That's not what we're doing
here. We're a crane [music] game store.
Look [laughter] at the size of my park.
Okay, we've got something going here.
Moving the claw machine farther from the
entrance makes people excited about it.
They are flooding into the park. Uh, I
think they're using the machine, too.
Dude, look at that. Last month's income,
$304.
Last month's profit,4.
Okay, I need this to hold. I need this
to hold. We need like this needs to be
repeatable. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Oh, right. I
forgot I had a vending machine. Wait, I
forgot I have to pay for these. This is
a $50 monthly cost. So, the park wasn't
profitable, but just the crane machine
was if we kill Chief Beef and Cosmic
Cow. So, our only cost now is $30. But
what I'm worried is if we don't have
those vending machines, less people will
come. Or will they? Come on, get in
there. Entry costs nothing. I'm not
paying that much to use claw machine.
For some reason, if there isn't a
vending machine that they aren't using,
they're willing to pay less for the
crane game. That makes sense. Five out
of five. Doug Doug murdered everyone who
thought the crane game was too expensive
and is displaying their skulls. Three
out of five tried to play the crane
game, but then I got trapped on a ship
and couldn't escape. At least I learned
how to be a pirate. Y
>> I don't know how to get rid of the boat.
Okay, what we could do is charge people
to enter the park. $2. The claw game is
going to cost $1 and you have a 90%
chance of winning if these cheap
[__] don't pay for it. Hey,
hold on. We're getting customers. Hold
on. Hold on. Three customers last month.
Last month most income $11. Wait, hold
on. Hold on. Park is great. They
literally said the park is great. Please
print that out and frame it. If somebody
is editing this video, make that really
big. Hold on. Hold the [__] phone.
One second. Hero. I know, buddy. You're
also excited. We might be doing it. We
need 10 people to come to this park.
That's it. Those are only operating
expenses. Somehow the electricity for
all this fire is um is free.
>> The fire is free because of all the
fracking you do for natural gas on the
property. [laughter]
Okay, they are playing. Hold on. Holy
[__] They're waiting in line for it.
News is spreading. We're getting there.
We're getting where they're getting
there. It's the greatest park in the
world. It's October here down here.
October 6th. How many people this month?
That was like two. We need more. We need
more. We're already We're already a
third of the way through the month. We
need more. Get in there. Get in there.
Wow. Looks pretty fun. You should play
multiple times. Did they leave? No. Why'
you leave?
>> Three out of five. The claw machine
stole my soul. The bathroom stole my
dignity. And the park itself stole my
will tonight.
>> Almost at the end of October.
>> All things.
>> I need you guys to spend a lot of money.
>> Not the worst park I've ever been to.
>> Spend money. Spend a lot of money. Spend
a lot of money. Please. Five out of
five. My dad went missing many years
ago, but I was somehow reunited with him
when [music] I won his skull out of the
claw machine. Coming back next week to
find my mom.
>> It's a new month. Five out of five. Love
walking though this tunnel with my fan
to make the owner hopeful. Then turning
back around to crush his dreams. Son of
a [__]
>> Also, the claw machine is rigged.
[laughter]
>> Last month's income $18. Monthly running
costs $30. How do we make the money? Is
there any ideas? Increase the price.
Lower the ticket. Okay, we just got to
send it. It's all about scamming people.
increase the ticket price to $51.
[music]
This has to work. This family, they walk
up and then right before they buy the
claw machine, we increase the price to
$30. UNPAUSE. AND THEY PLAYED IT. DID
THEY COUNT?
Did I get him? Come on. $301. Oh my god.
They They won. Maybe. I don't care. That
That still means I made the money,
right? That's fine. Okay. They seem
happy. Are they leaving? They look
stoked. All right. The price is 1 cent
for the crane game. 1 cent. Come on in.
I'm like an angler fish. Oh, it's so
cheap. Come into my boat. I have great
deals in my boat, dude. Now, I know you
can't quite see the price, but it says 1
cent. Where is he? Where is he? He leave
my boat, you [__] I don't know if
it's going to work until we check the
end of the month profits. Oh [__]
They're already at the the thing. Wait,
wait, wait, wait. They're in line. Hold
on, hold [music] on. I wonder if they're
in line. Are they locked in to buying a
ticket to it? $301.
Do these people get out of line or since
they're already in line, are they stuck?
Okay, they leave. They paid 1 cent.
They're happy. They're like, "Oh yeah,
check it out." They come in, they pay.
Hold on. It's March 19th. I have another
20 days to be profitable. I think this
might work. We just got to send it. Wait
till the end of the month. I hope all
the people interested in
entrepreneurship and business have been
watching. I think we just ran a
profitable business and we're [music]
officially in April.
March year five, $90 in rides
and an $86 [music]
profit.
>> This is the most united I've seen
[music] chatters with Doug. Nothing
brings people together like scamming
park goers and rigging machine prices.
>> Oh wow, I'm so proud of this [__]
boat. Okay, I think this is the smallest
park you can make. It's a single claw
machine.
>> One out of five. The claw machine
[music] won me and now I'm trapped.
>> Five out of five for 30 bucks and a new
dog toy puggies.
[laughter]
>> The best part is that some of the people
won.
>> I wouldn't go here because the reviews
are quite sketchy. [music]
>> The reviews are a little creepy.